# life cycle
The nextTick  method accepts a function and an optional context object as its arguments, and the function will be invoked at the end of the next update cycle.

## Observing Data Changes Using Watchers
The beforeUpdate  and update  methods tell you when a component’s HTML elements are updated but don’t tell you what change was made, and these methods won’t be called at all if the change is to a data  property that isn’t referred to in a directive expression or data binding.

## USING THE WATCH OPTIONS

t here are two options that can be used to change the behavior of watchers, although they require the watch to be expressed in a different way. t he first option is immediate , which tells Vue.js to invoke the handler as soon as the watcher is set up, during the creation phase, between the period when the beforeCreate  and created  methods are invoked. t o use this feature, the watcher is expressed as an object with a handler  property and an immediate property, like this:

watch: { 
  checked: {
    handler: function (newValue, oldValue) { // respond to changes here },
    immediate:true}}

The other option is deep , which will monitor all the properties defined by an object assigned to a data property, which is more convenient than having to set up a separate watcher for each of them. t he deep  option is applied like this

watch: { 
  myObject: { 
    handler: function (newValue, oldValue) { // respond to changes here }, 
    deep: true } }
    
The deep  option cannot be used to create a watcher for all the data properties, only individual properties that have been assigned an object. When you use a function for a watcher, you must not use an arrow expression because this  won’t be assigned to the component whose value has changed. i nstead, use the traditional function  keyword as shown.

## Handling Component Errors

To handle errors from its children, a component implements the errorCaptured  method, which defines three parameters: the error, the component that threw the error, and an information string that describes what Vue.js was doing when the error occurred

If the errorCaptured  method returns false , the error won’t be propagated further up the hierarchy of components, which is a useful way to stop multiple components from responding to the same error.

data: function() {
  return {
    checked;true,
    name:[],
    error:{
      occurred:false,
      error:'',
      source:''}
},
errorCaptured(error, component, source) { 
  this.error.occurred = true; 
  this.error.error = error; 
  this.error.source = source; return false; 
  }

## DEFINING A GLOBAL ERROR HANDLER

Vue.js also provides a global error handler, which is used to deal with errors that are not dealt with by the components in the application. the global handler is a function that receives the same arguments as the errorCaptured  method but is defined on the application’s top-level Vue  object in the main.js  file, rather than in one of its components.

Vue.config.errorHandler=function(error,component,source){
  config.log('');
 }
 
 
